link,name,judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/573/A,Bear and Poker,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/913/B,Christmas Spruce,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/579/A,Raising Bacteria,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/155/A,I_love_\%username\%,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/680/B,Bear and Finding Criminals,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/876/A,Trip For Meal,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/476/B,Dreamoon and WiFi,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/875/A,Classroom Watch,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/701/B,Cells Not Under Attack,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/913/A,Modular Exponentiation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/680/A,Bear and Five Cards,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/745/A,Hongcow Learns the Cyclic Shift,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/A,Fox And Snake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/476/A,Dreamoon and Stairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/496/A,Minimum Difficulty,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/A,New Year and Days,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/139/A,Petr and Book,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/515/A,Drazil and Date,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/389/A,Fox and Number Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/937/A,Olympiad,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/B,Quasi Binary,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/B,New Year and North Pole,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/699/A,Launch of Collider,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/515/C,Drazil and Factorial,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/854/A,Fraction,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/A,Appleman and Toastman,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/686/A,Free Ice Cream,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/265/B,Roadside Trees (Simplified Edition),Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/B,Two Buttons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/791/A,Bear and Big Brother,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/462/A,Appleman and Easy Task,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/A,New Year and Hurry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/908/A,New Year and Counting Cards,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/A,Andryusha and Socks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/554/A,Kyoya and Photobooks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/698/A,Vacations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/574/A,Bear and Elections,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/265/A,Colorful Stones (Simplified Edition),Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/A,Pangram,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/A,Design Tutorial: Learn from Math,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/322/A,Ciel and Dancing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/701/C,They Are Everywhere,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/C,New Year and Domino,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/771/A,Bear and Friendship Condition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/760/A,Petr and a calendar,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/A,Mr. Kitayuta's Gift,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/614/A,Link/Cut Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/725/A,Jumping Ball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/B,Fox And Two Dots,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/B,Guess the Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/B,New Year and Old Property,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/851/A,Arpa and a research in Mexican wave,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/389/B,Fox and Cross,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/506/D,Mr. Kitayuta's Colorful Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/748/A,Santa Claus and a Place in a Class,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/807/A,Is it rated?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/B,Bear and Forgotten Tree 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/C,Tourist's Notes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/C,New Year and Rating,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/699/B,One Bomb,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/908/C,New Year and Curling,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/854/B,Maxim Buys an Apartment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/373/A,Collecting Beats is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/C,Andryusha and Colored Balloons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/A,Fox and Box Accumulation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/A,Slime Combining,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/A,Bear and Prime 100,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/686/B,Little Robber Girl's Zoo,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/765/C,Table Tennis Game 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/A,Counting Kangaroos is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/C,Fox And Names,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/264/A,Escape from Stones,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/496/C,Removing Columns,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/853/A,Planning,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/462/B,Appleman and Card Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/C,Design Tutorial: Make It Nondeterministic,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/937/B,Vile Grasshoppers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/868/A,Bark to Unlock,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/A,Bear and Displayed Friends,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/908/B,New Year and Buggy Bot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/801/B,Valued Keys,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/554/B,Ohana Cleans Up,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/765/B,Code obfuscation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/574/B,Bear and Three Musketeers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/A,Bear and Three Balls,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/B,Design Tutorial: Learn from Life,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/322/B,Ciel and Flowers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/A,Cutting Banner,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/771/B,Bear and Different Names,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/801/A,Vicious Keyboard,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/673/A,Bear and Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/155/B,Combination,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/B,Mr. Kitayuta's Colorful Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/765/A,Neverending competitions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/876/B,Divisiblity of Differences,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/614/B,Gena's Code,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/A,Kyoya and Colored Balls,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/515/B,Drazil and His Happy Friends,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/A,No to Palindromes!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/875/B,Sorting the Coins,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/C,Constellation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/851/B,Arpa and an exam about geometry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/C,DNA Alignment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/748/B,Santa Claus and Keyboard Check,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/725/B,Food on the Plane,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/807/B,T-Shirt Hunt,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/B,"Or" Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/745/B,Hongcow Solves A Puzzle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/A,Co-prime Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/658/A,Bear and Reverse Radewoosh,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/496/B,Secret Combination,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/685/A,Robbers' watch,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/264/B,Good Sequences,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/643/A,Bear and Colors,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/628/C,Bear and String Distance,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/476/C,Dreamoon and Sums,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/886/C,Petya and Catacombs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/A,A Problem about Polyline,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/744/A,Hongcow Builds A Nation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/628/B,New Skateboard,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/B,Bear and Compressing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/202/A,LLPS,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/B,z-sort,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/B,The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/698/B,Fix a Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/773/A,Success Rate,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/936/A,Save Energy!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/628/A,Tennis Tournament,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/C,Hard Process,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/573/B,Bear and Blocks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/913/C,Party Lemonade,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/579/B,Finding Team Member,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/760/B,Frodo and pillows,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/748/C,Santa Claus and Robot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/772/A,Voltage Keepsake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/C,Mr. Kitayuta, the Treasure Hunter,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/B,Seating On Bus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/850/A,Five Dimensional Points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/643/B,Bear and Two Paths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/476/D,Dreamoon and Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/321/A,Ciel and Robot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/868/C,Qualification Rounds,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/D,Weird Chess,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/D,New Year and Fireworks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/D,Innokenty and a Football League,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/D,Fox And Jumping,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/496/D,Tennis Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/D,Design Tutorial: Inverse the Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/868/B,Race Against Time,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/515/D,Drazil and Tiles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/756/B,Travel Card,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/154/B,Colliders,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/C,The Smallest String Concatenation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/B,Connecting Universities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/913/D,Too Easy Problems,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/A,Bus Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/B,Appleman and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/321/C,Ciel the Commander,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/673/B,Problems for Round,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/756/A,Pavel and barbecue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/154/A,Hometask,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/B,Alice, Bob, Two Teams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/772/B,Volatile Kite,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/A,Peter and Snow Blower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/A,Gabriel and Caterpillar,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/A,As Fast As Possible,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/725/C,Hidden Word,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/A,Grandma Laura and Apples,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/C,Weakness and Poorness,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/685/B,Kay and Snowflake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/D,Nested Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/C,Fox and Card Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/373/B,Making Sequences is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/B,Fox and Minimal path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/C,Board Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/B,Bear and Tower of Cubes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/264/C,Choosing Balls,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/765/D,Artsem and Saunders,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/B,Counting Rectangles is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/853/B,Jury Meeting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/C,Foe Pairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/B,Colorful Field,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/936/B,Sleepy Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/B,Skills,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/D,Number of Parallelograms,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/A,Literature Lesson,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/771/C,Bear and Tree Jumps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/E,Correcting Mistakes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/725/D,Contest Balloons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/B,Kyoya and Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/B,Restore Cube ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/D,New Year and Ancient Prophecy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/201/A,Clear Symmetry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/321/B,Ciel and Duel,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/E,Underground Lab,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/765/E,Tree Folding,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/C,Watching Fireworks is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/E,Fox And Dinner,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/476/E,Dreamoon and Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/B,Work Group,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/D,Delivery Bears,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/496/E,Distributing Parts ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/853/C,Boredom,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/886/D,Restoration of string,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/C,Bear and Polynomials,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/C,Beaver,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/908/D,New Year and Arbitrary Arrangement,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/515/E,Drazil and Park,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/321/E,Ciel and Gondolas,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/154/C,Double Profiles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/744/B,Hongcow's Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/D,Longest Subsequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/139/B,Wallpaper,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/628/D,Magic Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/C,Bear and Up-Down,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/C,Appleman and a Sheet of Paper,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/773/B,Dynamic Problem Scoring,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/C,Love Triangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/875/D,High Cry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/E,Pluses everywhere,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/748/E,Santa Claus and Tangerines,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/201/B,Guess That Car!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/F,A Heap of Heaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/C,Substitutes in Number,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/D,Mr. Kitayuta's Technology,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/875/C,National Property,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/D,Hamiltonian Spanning Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/850/B,Arpa and a list of numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/D,Cubes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/748/D,Santa Claus and a Palindrome,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/E,Demiurges Play Again,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/C,Bear and Square Grid,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/756/D,Bacterial Melee,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/202/B,Brand New Easy Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/744/C,Hongcow Buys a Deck of Cards,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/E,Thief in a Shop,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/C,Mushroom Gnomes - 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/856/A,Set Theory,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/756/C,Nikita and stack,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/773/C,Prairie Partition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/936/C,Lock Puzzle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/C,Necklace,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/D,Nudist Beach,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/B,Digits Permutations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/C,Break Up,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/771/D,Bear and Company,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/F,Encoding,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/201/C,Fragile Bridges,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/698/C,LRU,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/772/C,Vulnerable Kerbals,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/573/C,Bear and Drawing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/850/C,Arpa and a game with Mojtaba,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/E,New Year and Three Musketeers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/908/F,New Year and Rainbow Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/F,Axel and Marston in Bitland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/643/C,Levels and Regions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/E,Bear and Forgotten Tree 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/868/D,Huge Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/E,Pursuit For Artifacts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/D,Bear and Contribution,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/E,New Year and Old Subsequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/F,Magic Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/628/E,Zbazi in Zeydabad,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/875/E,Delivery Club,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/D,Kingdom and its Cities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/853/D,Michael and Charging Stations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/F,Bear and Bowling 4,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/E,Different Subsets For All Tuples,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/875/F,Royal Questions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/F,Double Knapsack,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/F,New Year and Cleaning,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/913/E,Logical Expression,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/838/A,Binary Blocks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/521/D,Shop,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/748/F,Santa Clauses and a Soccer Championship,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/725/E,Too Much Money,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/868/F,Yet Another Minimization Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/D,World of Darkraft - 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/E,Robot Arm,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/685/D,Kay and Eternity,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/F,Paper task,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/908/G,New Year and Original Order,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/D,LCS Again,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/516/D,Drazil and Morning Exercise,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/765/F,Souvenirs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/D,Choosing Subtree is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/886/E,Maximum Element,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/908/E,New Year and Entity Enumeration,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/D,Password,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/154/D,Flatland Fencing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/264/D,Colorful Stones,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/773/D,Perishable Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/A2,Beaver's Calculator 1.0,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/E,Cool Slogans,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/913/F,Strongly Connected Tournament,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/838/B,Diverging Directions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/521/E,Cycling City,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/D,Appleman and Complicated Task,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/201/D,Brand New Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/725/F,Family Photos,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/698/D,Limak and Shooting Points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/772/D,Varying Kibibits,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/E,The Classic Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/A1,Beaver's Calculator 1.0,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/573/D,Bear and Cavalry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/850/D,Tournament Construction,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/685/E,Travelling Through the Snow Queen's Kingdom,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/643/E,Bear and Destroying Subtrees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/321/D,Ciel and Flipboard,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/G,Move by Prime,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/E,Walking!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/G,Andryusha and Nervous Barriers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/856/D,Masha and Cactus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/E,Mr. Kitayuta vs. Bamboos,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/E,Bear and Bad Powers of 42,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/512/E,Fox And Polygon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/G,Design Tutorial: Increase the Constraints,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/178/E3,The Beaver's Problem - 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/B1,Military Trainings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/868/E,Policeman and a Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/838/E,Convex Countour,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/E,Bear and Paradox,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/F,New Year and Finding Roots,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/856/C,Eleventh Birthday,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/201/E,Thoroughly Bureaucratic Organization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/D,Bear and Chase,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/628/F,Bear and Fair Set,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/685/C,Optimal Point,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/264/E,Roadside Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/512/D,Fox And Travelling,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/477/D,Dreamoon and Binary,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/F,Design Tutorial: Change the Goal,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/D,Huffman Coding on Segment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/D,World of Darkraft,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/A3,Beaver's Calculator 1.0,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/856/B,Similar Words,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/D,Fox and Perfect Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D5,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/725/G,Messages on a Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/698/E,Cron,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/C1,Game with Two Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/936/D,World of Tank,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/772/E,Verifying Kingdom,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/E,Design Tutorial: Learn from a Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/E,Kyoya and Train,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/856/F,To Play or not to Play,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/C3,Game with Two Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D10,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/850/F,Rainbow Balls,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/573/E,Bear and Bowling,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/G,Combining Slimes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/850/E,Random Elections,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/G,New Year and Cake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/643/F,Bears and Juice,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/771/E,Bear and Rectangle Strips,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D3,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/B3,Military Trainings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/868/G,El Toll Caves,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/F,Mirror Box,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/H,Summer Dichotomy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/H,New Year and Snowy Grid,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/H,Intranet of Buses,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/856/E,Satellites,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/C2,Game with Two Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/A,Berland Miners,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/843/D,Dynamic Shortest Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D6,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D2,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/889/E,Mod Mod Mod,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/908/H,New Year and Boolean Bridges,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/B2,Military Trainings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/838/F,Expected Earnings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/F,Bear and Chemistry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/G,Berserk Robot ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/G,New Year and Binary Tree Paths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D4,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/756/F,Long number,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/765/G,Math, math everywhere,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/744/E,Hongcow Masters the Cyclic Shift,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/773/F,Test Data Generation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/E,Drawing Circles is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/477/E,Dreamoon and Notepad,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/643/D,Bearish Fanpages,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/497/E,Subsequences Return,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/886/F,Symmetric Projections,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/E,Hellish Constraints,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/F,Ants on a Circle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/E,Security System,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/913/H,Don't Exceed,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/E,Fox and Meteor Shower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D8,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/756/E,Byteland coins,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/154/E,Martian Colony,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/744/D,Hongcow Draws a Circle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/698/F,Coprime Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/773/E,Blog Post Rating,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/936/E,Iqea,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/E,Puzzle Lover,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/853/E,Lada Malina,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/D,Landmarks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D1,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/497/D,Gears,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/207/D7,The Beaver's Problem - 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/838/C,Future Failure,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/H,New Year  and Forgotten Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/913/G,Power Substring,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/643/G,Choosing Ads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/838/D,Airplane Arrangements,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/771/F,Bear and Isomorphic Points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/E,Appleman and a Game,Codeforces
