link,name,judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/688/B,Lovely Palindromes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/629/A,Far Relativeâ€™s Birthday Cake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/B,Quasi Binary,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/680/A,Bear and Five Cards,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/777/A,Shell Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/300/A,Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/266/B,Queue at the School,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/743/B,Chloe and the sequence ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/686/A,Free Ice Cream,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/570/B,Simple Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/4/B,Before an Exam,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/330/B,Road Construction,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/148/A,Insomnia cure,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/764/B,Timofey and cubes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/443/A,Anton and Letters,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/478/B,Random Teams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/B,Mahmoud and a Triangle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/118/B,Present from Lena,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/401/C,Team,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/534/A,Exam,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/743/A,Vladik and flights,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/482/A,Diverse Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/682/A,Alyona and Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/513/A,Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/199/A,Hexadecimal's theorem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/711/B,Chris and Magic Square,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/798/A,Mike and palindrome,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/854/A,Fraction,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/680/B,Bear and Finding Criminals,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/109/A,Lucky Sum of Digits,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/672/B,Different is Good,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/467/B,Fedor and New Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/A,Mahmoud and Longest Uncommon Subsequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/441/C,Valera and Tubes ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/414/A,Mashmokh and Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/264/A,Escape from Stones,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/740/B,Alyona and flowers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/509/B,Painting Pebbles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/355/A,Vasya and Digital Root,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/484/A,Bits,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/625/B,War of the Corporations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/544/B,Sea and Islands,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/468/A,24 Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/754/A,Lesha and array splitting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/675/B,Restoring Painting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/631/B,Print Check,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/B,Guess the Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/814/B,An express train to reveries,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/625/C,K-special Tables,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/715/A,Plus and Square Root,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/546/D,Soldier and Number Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/361/A,Levko and Table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/496/C,Removing Columns,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/B,Bear and Forgotten Tree 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/686/B,Little Robber Girl's Zoo,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/379/B,New Year Present,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/854/B,Maxim Buys an Apartment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/A,Bear and Prime 100,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/743/C,Vladik and fractions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/739/A,Alyona and mex,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/570/C,Replacement,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CSUMQ/,Cumulative Sum Query,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/C,New Year Book Reading,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/801/B,Valued Keys,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/560/B,Gerald is into Art,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/605/A,Sorting Railway Cars,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/268/C,Beautiful Sets of Points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/246/A,Buggy Sorting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/749/B,Parallelogram is Back,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/582/A,GCD Table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/493/D,Vasya and Chess,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/617/D,Polyline,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/584/C,Marina and Vasya,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/359/B,Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/496/B,Secret Combination,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/254/A,Cards with Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/282/C,XOR and OR,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/417/C,Football,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/110/B,Lucky String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/878/A,Short Program,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/820/B,Mister B and Angle in Polygon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/283/A,Cows and Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/11/A,Increasing Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/339/C,Xenia and Weights,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/633/B,A Trivial Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/459/C,Pashmak and Buses,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/313/C,Ilya and Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/848/A,From Y to Y,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/361/B,Levko and Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/5/C,Longest Regular Bracket Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/402/C,Searching for Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/303/A,Lucky Permutation Triple,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/357/B,Flag Day,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/220/B,Little Elephant and Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/329/A,Purification,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/667/B,Coat of Anticubism,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/626/B,Cards,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/409/H,A + B Strikes Back,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/369/B,Valera and Contest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/7/A,Kalevitch and Chess,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/501/C,Misha and Forest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/644/A,Parliament of Berland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/482/B,Interesting Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/78/B,Easter Eggs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/623/A,Graph and String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/225/A,Dice Tower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/689/A,Mike and Cellphone,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/231/B,Magic, Wizardry and Wonders,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/645/A,Amity Assessment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/171/A,Mysterious numbers - 1,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/894/C,Marco and GCD Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/515/D,Drazil and Tiles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/271/C,Secret,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/610/C,Harmony Analysis,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/638/A,Home Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/476/D,Dreamoon and Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/551/B,ZgukistringZ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/D,Weird Chess,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/197/A,Plate Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/297/A,Parity Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/311/A,The Closest Pair,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/301/A,Yaroslav and Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/B,Alice, Bob, Two Teams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/218/A,Mountain Scenery,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/297/B,Fish Weight,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/405/D,Toy Sum,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/581/D,Three Logos,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/641/C,Little Artem and Dance,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/321/C,Ciel the Commander,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/286/A,Lucky Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/421/A,Pasha and Hamsters,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/663/A,Rebus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/634/A,Island Puzzle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/570/D,Tree Requests,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/439/C,Devu and Partitioning of the Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/53/C,Little Frog,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/550/D,Regular Bridge,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/214/B,Hometask,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/305/A,Strange Addition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/605/B,Lazy Student,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/637/C,Promocodes with Mistakes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/246/C,Beauty Pageant,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/8/B,Obsession with Robots,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/142/B,Help General,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3358,Stammering Aliens,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/145/B,Lucky Number 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/232/A,Cycles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/156/B,Suspects,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/327/D,Block Tower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/82/B,Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/430/A,Points and Segments (easy),Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/E,Correcting Mistakes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/353/B,Two Heaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/575/D,Tablecity,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/66/D,Petya and His Friends,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/763/B,Timofey and rectangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/B,Kyoya and Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/A,Domino,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/245/D,Restoring Table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/148/C,Terse princess,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/40/A,Find Color,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/353/D,Queue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/721/D,Maxim and Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/622/D,Optimal Number Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/B,Fox and Minimal path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/238/A,Not Wool Sequences,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/141/C,Queue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/27/C,Unordered Subsequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/488/B,Candy Boxes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/275/B,Convex Shape,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/534/D,Handshakes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/715/B,Complete The Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/161/B,Discounts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/576/C,Points on Plane,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/452/B,4-point polyline,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/891/B,Gluttony,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/14/C,Four Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/665/D,Simple Subset,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/201/A,Clear Symmetry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/798/D,Mike and distribution,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/815/B,Karen and Test,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/550/E,Brackets in Implications,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/370/C,Mittens,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/453/C,Little Pony and Summer Sun Celebration,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/848/B,Rooter's Song,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/23/B,Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/E,Mahmoud and a xor trip,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/713/B,Searching Rectangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/584/E,Anton and Ira,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/356/C,Compartments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/335/A,Banana,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/234/G,Practice,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/242/D,Dispute,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/266/C,Below the Diagonal,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/662/D,International Olympiad,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/335/B,Palindrome,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/135/C,Zero-One,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/487/C,Prefix Product Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/549/B,Looksery Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/741/C,Arpaâ€™s overnight party and Mehrdadâ€™s silent entering,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/180/F,Mathematical Analysis Rocks!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/449/C,Jzzhu and Apples,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/128/B,String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/576/B,Invariance of Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/840/B,Leha and another game about graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/41/E,3-cycles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/811/D,Vladik and Favorite Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/358/C,Dima and Containers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/269/C,Flawed Flow,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/29/D,Ant on the Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/125/C,Hobbits' Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/475/C,Kamal-ol-molk's Painting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/277/B,Set of Points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/429/C,Guess the Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/226/D,The table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/527/E,Data Center Drama,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/350/E,Wrong Floyd,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/573/C,Bear and Drawing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/441/D,Valera and Swaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/509/D,Restoring Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/484/E,Sign on Fence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/405/E,Graph Cutting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/468/C,Hack it!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/754/C,Vladik and chat,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/417/E,Square Table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/43/D,Journey,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/327/E,Axis Walking,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/272/E,Dima and Horses,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/49/C,Disposition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/612/E,Square Root of Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/260/D,Black and White Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/103/C,Russian Roulette,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/542/C,Idempotent functions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/460/D,Little Victor and Set,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/119/B,Before Exam,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/297/C,Splitting the Uniqueness,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/C,Necklace,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/261/C,Maxim and Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/354/E,Lucky Number Representation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/128/D,Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/238/B,Boring Partition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/329/C,Graph Reconstruction,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/571/C,CNF 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/59/D,Team Arrangement,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/42/C,Safe cracking,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/132/D,Constants in the language of Shakespeare,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/193/C,Hamming Distance,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/81/D,Polycarp's Picture Gallery,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/109/D,Lucky Sorting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/394/C,Dominoes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/241/G,Challenging Balloons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/45/J,Planting Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/30/E,Tricky and Clever Password,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/317/C,Balance,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/63/D,Dividing Island,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/97/B,Superset,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/370/D,Broken Monitor,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/10/E,Greedy Change,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/134/C,Swaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/23/C,Oranges and Apples,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/271/E,Three Horses,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/209/C,Trails and Glades,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/234/H,Merging Two Decks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/176/C,Playing with Superglue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/126/C,E-reader Display,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/F,Double Knapsack,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/301/C,Yaroslav and Algorithm,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/356/D,Bags and Coins,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/625/D,Finals in arithmetic,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/26/C,Parquet,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/432/E,Square Tiling,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/12/E,Start of the session,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/44/J,Triminoes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/339/E,Three Swaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/313/E,Ilya and Two Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/323/A,Black-and-White Cube,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/183/A,Headquarters,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/286/E,Ladies' Shop,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/390/D,Inna and Sweet Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/424/D,Biathlon Track,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/45/E,Director,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/141/E,Clearing Up,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/297/D,Color the Carpet,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/86/B,Tetris revisited,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/333/C,Lucky Tickets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/323/B,Tournament-graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/819/E,Mister B and Flight to the Moon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/329/D,The Evil Temple and the Moving Rocks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/209/B,Pixels,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/125/D,Two progressions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/173/D,Deputies,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/42/D,Strange town,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/398/C,Tree and Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/778/D,Parquet Re-laying,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/36/E,Two Paths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/E,Walking!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/593/C,Beautiful Function,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/512/E,Fox And Polygon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/26/E,Multithreading,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/213/D,Stars,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/798/E,Mike and code of a permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/F,Design Tutorial: Change the Goal,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/91/D,Grocer's Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/534/E,Berland Local Positioning System,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/B,Replicating Processes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/513/D2,Constrained Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/341/E,Candies Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/316/F3,Suns and Rays,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/830/E,Perpetual Motion Machine,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/290/E,HQ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/306/D,Polygon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/E,Restoring Map,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/715/D,Create a Maze,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/F,Ants on a Circle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/457/E,Flow Optimality,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/48/H,Black and White,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/H,New Year  and Forgotten Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/317/E,Princess and Her Shadow,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/98/D,Help Monks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/788/D,Finding lines,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/G,Berserk Robot ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/232/C,Doe Graphs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/198/D,Cube Snake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/E,Design Tutorial: Learn from a Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/331/E1,Deja Vu,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/74/E,Shift It!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/736/E,Chess Championship,Codeforces
p?ID=410,Dynamic Programming,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/331/E2,Deja Vu,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/815/E,Karen and Neighborhood,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/543/E,Listening to Music,Codeforces
