link,name,judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/519/B,A and B and Compilation Errors,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MMASS/,Mass of Molecule,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2315,Newspaper,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/764/B,Timofey and cubes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/34/B,Sale,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/456/A,Laptops,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=482,Error Correction,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/STPAR/,Street Parade,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/545/D,Queue,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2384,The Bus Driver Problem,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/451/B,Sort the Array,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=63,"Accordian" Patience,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/492/B,Vanya and Lanterns,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=355,Machined Surfaces,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/854/A,Fraction,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=614,Parentheses Balance,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3778,Army Buddies,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=481,Team Queue,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1886,Mother bear,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=532,Box of Bricks,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=455,Rails,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/276/C,Little Girl and Maximum Sum,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=1028,Web Navigation,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/831/B,Keyboard Layouts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/479/C,Exams,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=668,Equation,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=654,Adding Reversed Numbers,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2133,Group Reverse,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/723/A,The New Year: Meeting Friends,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ONP/,Transform the Expression,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/831/A,Unimodal Array,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1023,WERTYU,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DONALDO/,DONALDO,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3503,Containers,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/845/A,Chess Tourney,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/570/C,Replacement,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/807/A,Is it rated?,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=166,Borrowers,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2628,Grid Successors,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ADAQUEUE/,Ada and Queue,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/637/B,Chat Order,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/343/B,Alternating Current,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2491,Musical Loop,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=408,Synching Signals,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/385/C,Bear and Prime Numbers,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3302,Pole Position,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/B,z-sort,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2935,Formula 1,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/5/C,Longest Regular Bracket Sequence,Codeforces
p?ID=133,Time Jumper (Easy),A2 Online Judge
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1799,Unique Factorization,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/12/C,Fruits,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/797/C,Minimal string,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3339,Brothers,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/C,The Smallest String Concatenation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/280/B,Maximum Xor Secondary,Codeforces
