link,name,judge
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4055,Unique Path,Live Archive
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=54,Mutant Flatworld Explorers,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/POUR1/,Pouring water,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=473,Dungeon Master,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/377/A,Maze,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1000,A+B Problem,Timus
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3104,Battleships,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/BENEFACT/,The Benefactor,SPOJ
http://acm.tju.edu.cn/toj/showp1056.html,Labyrinth,TJU
http://www.spoj.com/problems/UCV2013H/,Slick,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=167,Testing the CATCHER,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1277,Rank the Languages,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MKJUMPS/,Making Jumps,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=762,Page Hopping,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=950,All Roads Lead Where?,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1808,Marble Game,Live Archive
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PT07Z/,Longest path in a tree,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/LABYR1/,Labyrinth,SPOJ
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1409,Two Gangsters,Timus
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1653,Lazy Jumping Frog,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/266/B,Queue at the School,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1887,You want what filled?,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CATM/,The Cats and the Mouse,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/EZDIJKST/,Easy Dijkstra Problem,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1927,Sending email,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4841,Intrepid climber,Live Archive
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=216,Vertex,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/546/C,Soldier and Cards,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=251,Network,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ONEZERO/,Ones and zeros,SPOJ
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1001,Reverse Root,Timus
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=513,Oil Deposits,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/BRCKTS/,Brackets,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SHPATH/,The Shortest Path,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MLASERP/,Laser Phones,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/WATER/,Water among Cubes,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TRAFFICN/,Traffic Network,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/580/C,Kefa and Park,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/445/A,DZY Loves Chessboard,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=400,Graph Connectivity,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CHICAGO/,106 miles to Chicago,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=865,Spreading The News,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ABCPATH/,ABC Path,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PT07Y/,Is it a tree,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/INCARDS/,Invitation Cards,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=380,Knight Moves,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/KOZE/,Sheep,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/B,Two Buttons,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CSTREET/,Cobbled streets,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/BYTESE1/,Lucius Dungeon,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/281/A,Word Capitalization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/277/A,Learning Languages,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=272,A Node Too Far,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2035,Continents,UVA
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1293,Eniya,Timus
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SHOP/,Shopping,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=60,Following Orders,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MICEMAZE/,Mice and Maze,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1/A,Theatre Square,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/BUGLIFE/,A Bug&#8217;s Life,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/217/A,Ice Skating,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=288,The Seasonal War,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1057,Robot Motion,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=703,We Ship Cheap,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PT07X/,Vertex Cover,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/HIGHWAYS/,Highways,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ROADS/,Roads,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CCHESS/,COSTLY CHESS,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TOE2/,Tic-Tac-Toe ( II ),SPOJ
http://www.codechef.com/problems/DIGJUMP,Chef and Digit Jumps,CodeChef
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/3/A,Shortest path of the king,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CLEANRBT/,Cleaning Robot,SPOJ
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1785,Lost in Localization,Timus
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1594,Bombs! NO they are Mines!!,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2931,Sticker Collector Robot,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SAMER08A/,Almost Shortest Path,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=975,Freckles,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/115/A,Party,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=370,Word Transformation,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ALLIZWEL/,ALL IZZ WELL,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CERC07K/,Key Task,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1393,Marcus,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CAM5/,prayatna PR,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PPATH/,Prime Path,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=508,Risk,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/489/B,BerSU Ball,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1877,Bicycle Codes,Timus
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MAKEMAZE/,VALIDATE THE MAZE,SPOJ
p?ID=326,Pizzas,A2 Online Judge
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TOE1/,Tic-Tac-Toe ( I ),SPOJ
http://poj.org/problem?id=2387,Til the Cows Come Home,PKU
http://www.spoj.com/problems/BITMAP/,Bitmap,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ANARC05H/,Chop Ahoy! Revisited!,SPOJ
p?ID=408,Nadia Team,A2 Online Judge
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1742,Lift Hopping,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/HERDING/,Herding,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=364,MPI Maelstrom,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1549,Friends,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/FISHER/,Fishmonger,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/687/A,NP-Hard Problem,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1008,Playing with Wheels,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/A,New Year Transportation,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=410,Wetlands of Florida,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/20/C,Dijkstra?,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/NAKANJ/,Minimum Knight moves !!!,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=870,Number Maze,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1112,Meeting Prof. Miguel...,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1134,Finding Nemo,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/735/C,Tennis Championship,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/522/A,Reposts,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2513,Dominos 2,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/839/C,Journey,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1318,Maze Traversal,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1544,Fill,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/441/C,Valera and Tubes ,Codeforces
http://www.codechef.com/problems/REVERSE,Chef and Reversing,CodeChef
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=726,Grid Colouring,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CHMAZE/,Changing Maze,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=512,Jugs,UVA
http://pl.spoj.com/problems/DIJKSTRA/,Dijkstra,SPOJ Poland
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/B,New Year Permutation,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DCEPC706/,Meeting For Party,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DISTANCE/,Manhattan,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=985,Erdos Numbers,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=319,Shipping Routes,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3053,Dominator,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PRIMEZUK/,The Prime conjecture,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=812,Counting Cells in a Blob,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2938,Come and Go,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3553,Mice and Maze,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2487,Babel,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2671,Fire!,UVA
http://www.codechef.com/problems/MAXPR,Maxim and Progressions,CodeChef
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/780/C,Andryusha and Colored Balloons,Codeforces
http://acm.tju.edu.cn/toj/showp2033.html,Risk,TJU
http://www.spoj.com/problems/INUMBER/,Interesting number,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/427/C,Checkposts,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1363,Knights in FEN,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1900,The Party, Part I,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/601/A,The Two Routes,Codeforces
p?ID=2,The Alphabet Sticker,A2 Online Judge
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1219,Fire Station,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=884,Runner Pawns,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/445/B,DZY Loves Chemistry,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2391,Claw Decomposition,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/574/B,Bear and Three Musketeers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/B,Mr. Kitayuta's Colorful Graph,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/KATHTHI/,KATHTHI,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/BRCKTS2/,Brackets II,SPOJ
http://acm.tju.edu.cn/toj/showp1140.html,Dungeon Master,TJU
p?ID=195,The Great Coach, Fegla,A2 Online Judge
https://www.urionlinejudge.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1081,DFSr - Depth Hierarchy,URI
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PYRA/,Treeramids,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/429/A,Xor-tree,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1341,Game Show Math,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/B,Fox And Two Dots,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2458,Commandos,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/C,Fox And Names,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MELE3/,MELE3,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=646,Slash Maze,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/475/B,Strongly Connected City,Codeforces
http://acm.tju.edu.cn/toj/showp3520.html,Step out of maze,TJU
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ESJAIL/,Escape from Jail,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GONDOR/,GONDOR,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/763/A,Timofey and a tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/506/D,Mr. Kitayuta's Colorful Graph,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3873,Forwarding Emails,UVA
http://acm.tju.edu.cn/toj/showp3517.html,The longest athletic track,TJU
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=973,A DP Problem,Live Archive
http://www.spoj.com/problems/EQDIV/,Equidivisions,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=250,Robot,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3312,Unlock the Lock,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/LUCKYNUM/,Lucky Numbers,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3589,The mysterious X network,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CDOWN/,Countdown,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3198,Highest Paid Toll,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GALOU/,Galou is back!,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/246/D,Colorful Graph,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=717,Monkeys in a Regular Forest,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1400,The Tree Root,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/C,Mr. Kitayuta, the Treasure Hunter,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/489/D,Unbearable Controversy of Being,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1184,Fire! Fire!! Fire!!!,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/STSTRING/,Strings,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/598/D,Igor In the Museum,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2682,Hotel booking,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1330,Subway,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/371/B,Fox Dividing Cheese,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/B,Bear and Compressing,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1297,Rough Roads,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/339/C,Xenia and Weights,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/540/C,Ice Cave,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/295/B,Greg and Graph,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1128,From Dusk Till Dawn,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MCLONUM/,Closest Number,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/526/B,Om Nom and Dark Park,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/129/B,Students and Shoelaces,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=869,Eternal Truths,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ANARC08A/,Tobo or not Tobo,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PT07F/,A short vacation in Disneyland,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1990,Basic wall maze,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=542,The PATH,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DCEPC701/,Amazing Maze,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/682/C,Alyona and the Tree,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1858,Walk Through the Forest,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/741/B,Arpa's weak amphitheater and Mehrdad's valuable Hoses,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/161/D,Distance in Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/329/B,Biridian Forest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/103/B,Cthulhu,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/STAR3CAS/,THE WEIRD STAIRCASE,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CHASE1/,Chase,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/659/E,New Reform,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2369,Airport Express,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1466,New to Bangladesh?,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/744/A,Hongcow Builds A Nation,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1351,Tree Reconstruction,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/463/D,Gargari and Permutations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/300/B,Coach,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3138,Almost Union-Find,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1757,Travel in Desert,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=257,The New Villa,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2042,Mall Mania,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/741/A,Arpa's loud Owf and Mehrdad's evil plan,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1210,Adventure of Super Mario,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CODE/,Code,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4027,Wedding of Sultan,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2352,Full Tank?,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1734,The Orc Attack,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=980,Railroads,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/689/B,Mike and Shortcuts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/4/D,Mysterious Present,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/369/C,Valera and Elections,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CIJEVI/,Cijevi,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/QUEEN/,Wandering Queen,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/RIOI_2_3/,Path of the righteous man,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/589/J,Cleaner Robot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/219/D,Choosing Capital for Treeland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/320/B,Ping-Pong (Easy Version),Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/570/D,Tree Requests,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1377,Cheapest way,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2313,Minefield,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/543/B,Destroying Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/616/C,The Labyrinth,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/404/C,Restore Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/283/B,Cow Program,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/242/C,King's Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/60/B,Serial Time!,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2620,Ocean Currents,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/455/C,Civilization,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=244,Tin Cutter,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/25/C,Roads in Berland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/545/E,Paths and Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/896/A,Nephren gives a riddle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/600/E,Lomsat gelral,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1283,Always Late,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/191/C,Fools and Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/216/B,Forming Teams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/468/B,Two Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/B,Connecting Universities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/D,New Year Santa Network,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/711/D,Directed Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/229/B,Planets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/B,Appleman and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/34/D,Road Map,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/25/D,Roads not only in Berland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/128/A,Statues,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1451,Cactus,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/150/B,Quantity of Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/383/C,Propagating tree,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2892,Krochanska is Here!,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/449/B,Jzzhu and Cities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/767/C,Garland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/585/B,Phillip and Trains,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/D,Design Tutorial: Inverse the Problem,Codeforces
http://acm.tju.edu.cn/toj/showp2846.html,Go Game,TJU
p?ID=142,Chess Knights,A2 Online Judge
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GORELIAN/,Here We Go(relians) Again,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/61/D,Eternal Victory,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/519/E,A and B and Lecture Rooms,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/35/C,Fire Again,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/743/D,Chloe and pleasant prizes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/27/B,Tournament,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/131/D,Subway,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/274/B,Zero Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/D,Fox And Jumping,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/842/C,Ilya And The Tree,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/A_W_S_N/,Happy Valentine Day (Valentine Maze Game),SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3641,A DP Problem,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/107/A,Dorm Water Supply,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/244/B,Undoubtedly Lucky Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/321/C,Ciel the Commander,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2913,Shopping,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/739/B,Alyona and a tree,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=926,Round and Round Maze,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/455/B,A Lot of Games,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/337/D,Book of Evil,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/117/C,Cycle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/263/D,Cycle in Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/292/D,Connected Components,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=800,Chinese Checkers,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/685/B,Kay and Snowflake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/29/C,Mail Stamps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/747/E,Comments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/190/C,STL,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/778/B,Bitwise Formula,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/513/G1,Inversions problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/832/D,Misha, Grisha and Underground,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/198/B,Jumping on Walls,Codeforces
https://www.urionlinejudge.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/2300,Transmissão de Energia,URI
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/144/D,Missile Silos,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/490/D,Chocolate,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/507/E,Breaking Good,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/788/B,Weird journey,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/557/D,Vitaly and Cycle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/D,Mahmoud and a Dictionary,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/14/D,Two Paths,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/KRUSKAL/,Kruskal,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/676/D,Theseus and labyrinth,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/590/C,Three States,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/486/D,Valid Sets,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/UMNOZAK/,Umnozak,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/327/D,Block Tower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/57/A,Square Earth?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/193/A,Cutting Figure,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/17/B,Hierarchy,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2647,Masud Rana,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/374/C,Inna and Dima,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/609/E,Minimum spanning tree for each edge,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/592/D,Super M,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=1705,MergeSort,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/33/A,What is for dinner?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/253/C,Text Editor,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/95/C,Volleyball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/165/E,Compatible Numbers,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TUTBFS/,Tutorial BFS,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/786/A,Berzerk,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/196/B,Infinite Maze,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3192,BFS (Binary Fibonacci String),UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/715/B,Complete The Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/375/D,Tree and Queries,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/343/D,Water Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/208/E,Blood Cousins,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/301/B,Yaroslav and Time,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/28/B,pSort,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/707/D,Persistent Bookcase ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/132/C,Logo Turtle,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2740,Speedy Escape,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/400/D,Dima and Bacteria,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GRAVITY/,GRAVITY,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/603/B,Moodular Arithmetic,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/814/D,An overnight dance in discotheque,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/662/B,Graph Coloring,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SEGTREE/,Segment Tree,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/788/C,The Great Mixing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/453/C,Little Pony and Summer Sun Celebration,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/811/D,Vladik and Favorite Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/576/B,Invariance of Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/213/A,Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/466/E,Information Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/E,Demiurges Play Again,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/177/C2,Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/681/D,Gifts by the List,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/463/E,Caisa and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/228/E,The Road to Berland is Paved With Good Intentions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/118/E,Bertown roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/D,Mr. Kitayuta's Technology,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/786/B,Legacy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/D,Hamiltonian Spanning Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/314/B,Sereja and Periods,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/29/D,Ant on the Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/27/D,Ring Road 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/242/D,Dispute,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/208/B,Solitaire,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/295/C,Greg and Friends,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CONTEST/,Fixed Partition Contest Management,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/650/C,Table Compression,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/508/D,Tanya and Password,Codeforces
p?ID=4,Increasing Shortest Path,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/840/B,Leha and another game about graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/622/E,Ants in Leaves,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/316/B1,EKG,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/173/B,Chamber of Secrets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/638/B,Making Genome in Berland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/208/C,Police Station,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/549/B,Looksery Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/E,Mahmoud and a xor trip,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/187/B,AlgoRace,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/348/B,Apple Tree,Codeforces
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3962,Road Rally,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/448/E,Divisors,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/316/B2,EKG,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/412/D,Giving Awards,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/659/F,Polycarp and Hay,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=2034,Caravans,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/C,Love Triangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/B,Work Group,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/177/C1,Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/467/D,Fedor and Essay,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/666/B,World Tour,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/741/C,Arpa’s overnight party and Mehrdad’s silent entering,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/33/B,String Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/416/E,President's Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/638/D,Three-dimensional Turtle Super Computer ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/362/D,Fools and Foolproof Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/555/E,Case of Computer Network,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/134/B,Pairs of Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/164/A,Variable, or There and Back Again,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/369/D,Valera and Fools,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/350/E,Wrong Floyd,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/77/C,Beavermuncher-0xFF,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/C,Break Up,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/33/D,Knights,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/HEXTILE/,Hex Tile Equations,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/246/E,Blood Cousins Return,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2311,DRM,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/382/D,Ksenia and Pawns,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2735,Rotate to root,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/238/C,World Eater Brothers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/45/D,Event Dates,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/405/E,Graph Cutting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/225/D,Snake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/E,Bear and Forgotten Tree 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/778/C,Peterson Polyglot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/354/E,Lucky Number Representation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/547/D,Mike and Fish,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/821/D,Okabe and City,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/573/C,Bear and Drawing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/527/E,Data Center Drama,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/366/D,Dima and Trap Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/490/F,Treeland Tour,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/406/D,Hill Climbing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/258/E,Little Elephant and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/231/E,Cactus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/575/B,Bribes,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=742,Flight Planning,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/160/D,Edges in MST,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/74/C,Chessboard Billiard,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/601/D,Acyclic Organic Compounds,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/589/H,Tourist Guide,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/19/E,Fairy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/31/D,Chocolate,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/567/E,President and Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/263/C,Circle of Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/291/E,Tree-String Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/612/E,Square Root of Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/638/C,Road Improvement,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/82/C,General Mobilization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/C,Bear and Square Grid,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/187/C,Weak Memory,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/E,Pursuit For Artifacts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/274/D,Lovely Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/629/E,Famil Door and Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/59/E,Shortest Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/176/E,Archaeology,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/63/E,Sweets Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/141/D,Take-off Ramps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/212/E,IT Restaurants,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/237/D,T-decomposition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/9/E,Interestring graph and Apples,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/605/D,Board Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/633/F,The Chocolate Spree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/22/E,Scheme,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/571/C,CNF 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/362/E,Petya and Pipes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/C,Petya and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/D,Choosing Subtree is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/288/D,Polo the Penguin and Trees ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/605/E,Intergalaxy Trips,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/633/G,Yash And Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/60/C,Mushroom Strife,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/516/D,Drazil and Morning Exercise,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/317/C,Balance,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/339/E,Three Swaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/266/D,BerDonalds,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GRAPHS12/,Graph basics concepts,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/183/C,Cyclic Coloring,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/87/D,Beautiful Road,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/267/B,Dominoes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/346/D,Robot Control,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/73/D,FreeDiv,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/A,Matching Names,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/29/E,Quarrel,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/243/C,Colorado Potato Beetle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/D,Password,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/487/E,Tourists,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/342/D,Xenia and Dominoes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/367/D,Sereja and Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/494/D,Birthday,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/542/E,Playing on Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/D,Kingdom and its Cities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/575/G,Run for beer,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/440/C,One-Based Arithmetic,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/163/E,e-Government,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/513/D1,Constrained Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/241/E,Flights,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/196/E,Opening Portals,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/83/C,Track,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/123/E,Maze,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/325/C,Monsters and Diamonds,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/343/E,Pumping Stations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/311/C,Fetch the Treasure,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/HKRUSKAL/,Simplifying the Farm,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/812/D,Sagheer and Kindergarten,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/182/A,Battlefield,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/65/D,Harry Potter and the Sorting Hat,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/325/E,The Red Button,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/51/F,Caterpillar,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/135/D,Cycle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/172/E,BHTML+BCSS,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/78/E,Evacuation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1044/F,DFS,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/238/E,Meeting Her,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/542/D,Superhero's Job,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/375/C,Circling Round Treasures,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/81/E,Pairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/359/E,Neatness,Codeforces
http://br.spoj.com/problems/SAOJOAO/,S&#227;o Jo&#227;o,SPOJ Brazil
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/D,Bear and Chase,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/650/E,Clockwork Bomb,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/386/D,Game with Points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/860/E,Arkady and a Nobody-men,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/240/E,Road Repairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/217/D,Bitonix' Patrol,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/62/D,Wormhouse,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/521/E,Cycling City,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/360/E,Levko and Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/37/E,Trial for Chief,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/596/E,Wilbur and Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/E,The Classic Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/97/C,Winning Strategy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/254/D,Rats,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/348/E,Pilgrims,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/75/E,Ship's Shortest Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/475/E,Strongly Connected City 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/42/E,Baldman and the military,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/97/E,Leaders,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/589/M,Taxi in Berland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/478/E,Wavy numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/316/F3,Suns and Rays,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/842/E,Nikita and game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/424/E,Colored Jenga,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/F,Bear and Chemistry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/345/D,Chain Letter,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/65/E,Harry Potter and Moving Staircases,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/786/D,Rap God,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/H,Summer Dichotomy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/100/H,Battleship,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/tag/,#dynamic-programming&nbsp;(168)</span>,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/251/E,Tree and Table,Codeforces
p?ID=410,Dynamic Programming,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/891/D,Sloth,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/290/F,Greedy Petya,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/504/E,Misha and LCP on Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/E,Appleman and a Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/317/E,Princess and Her Shadow,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/A,Berland Miners,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/57/E,Chess,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/627/F,Island Puzzle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/C,Logistical Questions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/331/D1,Escaping on Beaveractor,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/175/F,Gnomes of Might and Magic,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/232/C,Doe Graphs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/316/F1,Suns and Rays,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/EPIC1305/,Longest Maze Path,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/869/D,The Overdosing Ubiquity,Codeforces
