link,name,judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/501/B,Misha and Changing Handles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/217/A,Ice Skating,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=734,Network Connections,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=400,Graph Connectivity,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/277/A,Learning Languages,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1168,Forests,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/356/A,Knight Tournament,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/B,Mr. Kitayuta's Colorful Graph,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/FRNDCIRC/,FRIEND CIRCLE,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3638,The Suspects,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1099,War,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/506/D,Mr. Kitayuta's Colorful Graph,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CHAIN/,Strange Food Chain,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/515/B,Drazil and His Happy Friends,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1671,Anansi's Cobweb,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/B,New Year Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/445/B,DZY Loves Chemistry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/763/A,Timofey and a tree,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/LOSTNSURVIVED/,Lost and survived,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/547/B,Mike and Feet,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SOCNETC/,Social Network Community,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/490/B,Queue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/103/B,Cthulhu,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/409/H,A + B Strikes Back,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/659/E,New Reform,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/741/B,Arpa's weak amphitheater and Mehrdad's valuable Hoses,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/107/A,Dorm Water Supply,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/60/B,Serial Time!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/455/C,Civilization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/D,Design Tutorial: Inverse the Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/437/D,The Child and Zoo,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/25/D,Roads not only in Berland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/468/B,Two Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/600/E,Lomsat gelral,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/371/D,Vessels,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/436/C,Dungeons and Candies,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/292/D,Connected Components,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/109/C,Lucky Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/603/B,Moodular Arithmetic,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/400/D,Dima and Bacteria,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/17/B,Hierarchy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/788/B,Weird journey,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/201/A,Clear Symmetry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/6/E,Exposition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/609/E,Minimum spanning tree for each edge,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/D,Mahmoud and a Dictionary,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/28/B,pSort,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/659/F,Polycarp and Hay,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/13/E,Holes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/C,Love Triangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/177/C1,Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/D,Restructuring Company,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/177/C2,Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/466/E,Information Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/27/D,Ring Road 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/228/E,The Road to Berland is Paved With Good Intentions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/E,New Year Domino,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/650/C,Table Compression,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/601/D,Acyclic Organic Compounds,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/174/C,Range Increments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/95/E,Lucky Country,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/77/C,Beavermuncher-0xFF,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/679/C,Bear and Square Grid,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/441/D,Valera and Swaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/891/C,Envy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/19/E,Fairy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/E,Pursuit For Artifacts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/715/C,Digit Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/362/D,Fools and Foolproof Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/111/C,Petya and Spiders,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/E,Bear and Forgotten Tree 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/160/D,Edges in MST,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/74/C,Chessboard Billiard,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/366/D,Dima and Trap Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/187/C,Weak Memory,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/260/D,Black and White Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/433/D,Nanami's Digital Board,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/778/C,Peterson Polyglot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/165/D,Beard Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/91/C,Ski Base,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/76/A,Gift,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/190/E,Counter Attack,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/195/E,Building Forest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/E,Guard Towers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/313/E,Ilya and Two Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/196/E,Opening Portals,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/141/E,Clearing Up,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/444/E,DZY Loves Planting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/87/D,Beautiful Road,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/811/E,Vladik and Entertaining Flags,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/687/D,Dividing Kingdom II,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/516/D,Drazil and Morning Exercise,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/209/C,Trails and Glades,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/250/E,Mad Joe,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/9/E,Interestring graph and Apples,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/452/E,Three strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/896/E,Welcome home, Chtholly,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/36/E,Two Paths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/212/D,Cutting a Fence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/650/E,Clockwork Bomb,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/763/E,Timofey and our friends animals,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/46/F,Hercule Poirot Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/358/E,Dima and Kicks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/81/E,Pairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/D,Appleman and Complicated Task,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/60/D,Savior,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/217/E,Alien DNA,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/603/E,Pastoral Oddities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/325/D,Reclamation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/325/E,The Red Button,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/471/E,MUH and Lots and Lots of Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/374/E,Inna and Babies,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/97/E,Leaders,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/571/D,Campus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/105/D,Entertaining Geodetics,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/45/B,School,Codeforces
