link,name,judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/832/A,Sasha and Sticks,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/HUBULLU/,Hubulullu,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/276/B,Little Girl and Game,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SYNC13C/,WHAT A CO-ACCIDENT,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/841/B,Godsend,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MMMGAME/,M&M Game,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MCOINS/,Coins Game,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/705/B,Spider Man,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/NGM/,A Game with Numbers,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DOTAA/,DOTA HEROES,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/630/R,Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/493/D,Vasya and Chess,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MATGAME/,Matrix Game,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2484,Integer Game,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/346/A,Alice and Bob,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/QCJ3/,The Game,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/616/B,Dinner with Emma,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/150/A,Win or Freeze,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/3/C,Tic-tac-toe,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1052,Find the Winning Move,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PEBBMOV/,Moving Pebbles,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/NIMGAME/,Special Nim Game,SPOJ
p?ID=8,The Stones Game,A2 Online Judge
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TWOKINGS/,TRIVIADOR,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/257/B,Playing Cubes,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2286,Exclusively Edible,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CLK/,Chomp,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/REMGAME/,Stone Removing Game,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/794/C,Naming Company,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/455/B,A Lot of Games,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/197/A,Plate Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/148/D,Bag of mice,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/293/A,Weird Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/549/C,The Game Of Parity,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/QWERTY04/,TRIVIADOR,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/786/A,Berzerk,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TEAMNIM/,Team Nim,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/C,Fox and Card Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/C,Board Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/120/E,Put Knight!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/74/B,Train,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/135/C,Zero-One,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/896/B,Ithea Plays With Chtholly,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/78/C,Beaver Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/15/C,Industrial Nim,Codeforces
p?ID=424,Baklawa,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/594/A,Warrior and Archer,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GAMARENA/,GAMING ARENA,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/87/C,Interesting Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/D,Cubes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/603/C,Lieges of Legendre,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/279/E,Beautiful Decomposition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/282/D,Yet Another Number Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/377/C,Captains Mode,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/812/E,Sagheer and Apple Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/55/C,Pie or die,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/317/D,Game with Powers,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1240,Heroes of Might and Magic,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/69/D,Dot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/255/E,Furlo and Rublo and Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/39/E,What Has Dirichlet Got to Do with That?,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1163,Chapaev,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/305/E,Playing with String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/277/C,Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/167/C,Wizards and Numbers,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1216,Two Pawns and One King,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/36/D,New Game with a Chess Piece,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/63/E,Sweets Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/335/C,More Reclamation,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1610,Cactuses,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/354/B,Game with Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/273/E,Dima and Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/48/E,Ivan the Fool VS Gorynych the Dragon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/154/D,Flatland Fencing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/D,World of Darkraft,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/142/D,Help Shrek and Donkey 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/38/F,Smart Boy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/536/D,Tavas in Kansas,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/494/E,Sharti,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/98/E,Help Shrek and Donkey,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/457/F,An easy problem about trees,Codeforces
