link,name,judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/706/A,Beru-taxi,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/559/A,Gerald's Hexagon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/514/B,Han Solo and Lazer Gun,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1619,The Grazing Cow,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/6/A,Triangle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/560/A,Currency System in Geraldion,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GEOPROB/,One Geometry Problem,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/507/B,Amr and Pins,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/JULKA/,Julka,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/STONE/,Lifting the Stone,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TRICENTR/,Triangle From Centroid,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/270/A,Fancy Fence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/B,Mahmoud and a Triangle,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2093,Colourful Flowers,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=947,Carmichael Numbers,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TETRA/,Sphere in a tetrahedron,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/EQBOX/,Equipment Box,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/842/B,Gleb And Pizza,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/QUADAREA/,Maximal Quadrilateral Area,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1150,Is This Integration ?,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2148,The easiest way,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=678,Gleaming the Cubes,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1582,Doors and Penguins,Live Archive
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1238,Beavergnaw,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=946,Packing polygons,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4663,Handball,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=401,Overlapping Rectangles,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/667/A,Pouring Rain,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GOALFR/,Goal for Ra√∫l,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/749/B,Parallelogram is Back,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1530,Area,UVA
http://acm.tju.edu.cn/toj/showp1011.html,Area,TJU
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3060,Soya Milk,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/157/B,Trace,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ANTTT/,The Ant,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ACQUIRE/,Land Acquisition,SPOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1204,Railway,UVA
https://www.urionlinejudge.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1219,Colourful Flowers,URI
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=622,Convex Hull Finding,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1242,Rings and Glue,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/127/A,Wasted Time,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=861,Sunny Mountains,UVA
https://www.urionlinejudge.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1124,Elevator,URI
http://poj.org/problem?id=1039,Pipe,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/498/A,Crazy Town,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/667/B,Coat of Anticubism,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GEOM/,Geometry and a Square,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/A,A Problem about Polyline,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/820/B,Mister B and Angle in Polygon,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SPIRAL2/,SPIRAL RUN,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CALCAREA/,Calculate the Area,SPOJ
http://www.spoj.com/problems/VCIRCLES/,Area of circles,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/140/A,New Year Table,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1868,Bright Lights,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2673,Convex Hull,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/659/D,Bicycle Race,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ANARC09F/,Air Strike,SPOJ
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2677,Geometry Problem,Live Archive
http://poj.org/problem?id=1066,Treasure Hunt,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/593/B,Anton and Lines,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1228,Gifts in a Hexagonal Box,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2693,Athletics Track,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/851/B,Arpa and an exam about geometry,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1518,Bounding box,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CONDUIT/,I Conduit,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/C,Constellation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/279/A,Point on Spiral,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/80/B,Depression,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=1031,Fence,PKU
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2232,The Sultan's Problem,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1892,The Teacher's Side of Math,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/18/A,Triangle,Codeforces
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3076,Intersection of Two Prisms,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/257/C,View Angle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/227/A,Where do I Turn?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/9/B,Running Student,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/231/D,Magic Box,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1/C,Ancient Berland Circus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/474/C,Captain Marmot,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/FACENEMY/,Face the mate,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/A,Peter and Snow Blower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/552/D,Vanya and Triangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/141/B,Hopscotch,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1065,Frontier,Timus
http://www.spoj.com/problems/WIJGT/,Will Indiana Jones Get There,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/849/B,Tell Your World,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1077,Chocolate Chip Cookies,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/106/C,Buns,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/429/D,Tricky Function,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4355,Equilateral Triangle in a Triangle Grid,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/135/B,Rectangle and Square,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/319/C,Kalila and Dimna in the Logging Industry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/598/C,Nearest vectors,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1059/D,Nature Reserve,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=1927,Area in Triangle,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/14/C,Four Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/590/B,Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/452/B,4-point polyline,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/B,Restore Cube ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/190/B,Surrounded,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/342/C,Cupboard and Balloons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/814/D,An overnight dance in discotheque,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/D,Number of Parallelograms,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/576/C,Points on Plane,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/181/A,Series of Crimes,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2896,Dog Distance,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/280/A,Rectangle Puzzle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/848/B,Rooter's Song,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1808,Cutting a Polygon,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ADAPICK/,Ada and Cucumber,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/340/B,Maximal Area Quadrilateral,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2118,Fighting Against a Polygonal Monster,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/703/C,Chris and Road,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2728,Tower for Cellular Telephony,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/203/D,Hit Ball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/600/D,Area of Two Circles' Intersection,Codeforces
http://acm.sgu.ru/problem.php?contest=0&problem=417,Heavy Disc,SGU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/166/B,Polygons,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2869,All Souls Night,UVA
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1317,Hail,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/30/C,Shooting Gallery,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1341,Device,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/631/E,Product Sum,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1265,Mirror,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/605/C,Freelancer's Dreams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/248/C,Robo-Footballer,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/630/M,Turn,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1230,A Square and Equilateral Triangles,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/250/D,Building Bridge,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/610/D,Vika and Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/65/C,Harry Potter and the Golden Snitch,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/120/J,Minimum Sum,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/535/E,Tavas and Pashmaks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/406/D,Hill Climbing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/33/D,Knights,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1328,Fireball,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/24/C,Sequence of points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/630/Q,Pyramids,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/277/B,Set of Points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/196/C,Paint Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/2/C,Commentator problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/70/D,Professor's task,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/241/C,Mirror Box,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/13/D,Triangles,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1504,Good Manners,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/91/E,Igloo Skyscraper,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1583,Cheese,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/183/B,Zoo,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/199/B,Special Olympics,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/8/D,Two Friends,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/333/E,Summer Earnings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/630/O,Arrow,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1719,Kill the Shaitan-Boss,Timus
http://poj.org/problem?id=1070,Deformed Wheel,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/50/C,Happy Farm 5,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1514,National Park,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/437/E,The Child and Polygon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/E,Guard Towers,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1163,Chapaev,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/630/P,Area of a Star,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3959,Cookie,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/13/B,Letter A,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/682/E,Alyona and Triangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/106/E,Space Rescuers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/385/D,Bear and Floodlight,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/55/E,Very simple problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/F,Bear and Bowling 4,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/314/D,Sereja and Straight Lines,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4413,Hide and seek,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/594/B,Max and Bike,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1637,Triangle Game 2,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/198/C,Delivering Carcinogen,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/182/A,Battlefield,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/62/C,Inquisition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/30/D,King's Problem?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/220/D,Little Elephant and Triangle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/559/D,Randomizer,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/47/E,Cannon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/460/E,Roland and Rose,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/293/D,Ksusha and Square,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1894,Non-Flying Weather,Timus
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1460,Wires,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/82/E,Corridor,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/32/E,Hide-and-Seek,Codeforces
p?ID=406,3D Geometry,A2 Online Judge
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1520,Empire Strikes Back,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/98/C,Help Greg the Dwarf,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/75/E,Ship's Shortest Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/G,Max and Min,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/23/D,Tetragon,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1464,Light,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/67/E,Save the City!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/140/F,New Year Snowflake,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1429,Biscuits,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/100/I,Rotation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/681/E,Runaway to a Shadow,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/274/C,The Last Hole!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/77/E,Martian Food,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/379/E,New Year Tree Decorations,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1956,Fire Signals,Timus
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1384,Goat in the Garden 4,Timus
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=2036,Intersect Until You're Sick of It,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/213/D,Stars,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/36/C,Bowls,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1482,Triangle Game,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/603/D,Ruminations on Ruminants,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/78/D,Archer's Shot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/815/D,Karen and Cards,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1839,The Mentaculus,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/89/D,Space mines,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1199,Mouse,Timus
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1556,Multishot in the Secret Cow Level,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/223/D,Spider,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/142/E,Help Greg the Dwarf 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/44/F,BerPaint,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/E,Drawing Circles is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/442/E,Gena and Second Distance,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/107/E,Darts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/607/E,Cross Sum,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/E,Fox and Meteor Shower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/528/E,Triangles 3000,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/704/E,Iron Man,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/73/F,Plane of Tanks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/223/E,Planar Graph,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1415,Mobile Life,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/154/E,Martian Colony,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/374/E,Inna and Babies,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/119/E,Alternative Reality,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/645/G,Armistice Area Apportionment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/394/E,Lightbulb for Minister,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/530/H,Points in triangle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/598/F,Cut Length,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/853/E,Lada Malina,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/377/E,Cookie Clicker,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/306/D,Polygon,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1662,Goat in the Garden 6,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/592/E,BCPC,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/G,New Year and Cake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/575/E,Spectator Riots,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/744/D,Hongcow Draws a Circle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/497/D,Gears,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/54/E,Vacuum ?leaner,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/309/D,Tennis Rackets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/28/E,DravDe saves the world,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/87/E,Mogohu-Rea Idol,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1599,Winding Number,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/68/E,Contact,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/420/E,Playing the ball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/350/D,Looking for Owls,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1955,Boss, I Can See You!,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/243/D,Cubes,Codeforces
http://acm.timus.ru/problem.aspx?space=1&num=1626,Interfering Segment,Timus
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/128/E,Birthday,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/46/G,Emperor's Problem,Codeforces
