link,name,judge
p?ID=356,Counting Extra Stars,A2 Online Judge
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1432,Cows and Cars,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2737,Probability One,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/476/B,Dreamoon and WiFi,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=997,What is the Probability ?,UVA
http://poj.org/problem?id=1050,To the Max,PKU
http://www.spoj.com/problems/FUNPROB/,Yanu in Movie theatre,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/9/A,Die Roll,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=3071,Football,PKU
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=483,France '98,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/312/B,Archer,Codeforces
http://acm.zju.edu.cn/onlinejudge/showProblem.do?problemCode=3640,Help Me Escape,ZOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1700,Dice Throwing,UVA
http://poj.org/problem?id=2151,Check the difficulty of problems,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/839/C,Journey,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=2096,Collecting Bugs,PKU
http://acm.zju.edu.cn/onlinejudge/showProblem.do?problemCode=3329,One Person Game,ZOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/453/A,Little Pony and Expected Maximum,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=1322,Chocolate,PKU
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3175,Hats,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=12964,PalindromicSubstringsDiv1,TopCoder
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1229,Coupons,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/442/B,Andrey and Problem,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2675,Another lottery,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=13239,FixedDiceGameDiv1,TopCoder
http://poj.org/problem?id=1189,?????,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/621/C,Wet Shark and Flowers,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=3744,Scout YYF I,PKU
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=498,Burger,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1841,So you want to be a 2n-aire?,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=3994,PipeCuts,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/518/D,Ilya and Escalator,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=1848,BirthdayOdds,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10033,PrimeSoccer,TopCoder
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2495,Vampires,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1218,Boastin' Red Socks,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2321,Probability,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=8595,MonstersAndBunnies,TopCoder
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1589,Chocolate Box,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2862,Race to 1,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/148/D,Bag of mice,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2422,Expect the Expected,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1470,Dumb Bones,UVA
http://acm.zju.edu.cn/onlinejudge/showProblem.do?problemCode=3380,Patchouli's Spell Cards,ZOJ
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1718,God! Save me,UVA
http://poj.org/problem?id=3716,Panda's Birthday Present,PKU
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1110,Urn-ball Probabilities!,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/540/D,Bad Luck Island,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2117,Winning Streak,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=7422,TestBettingStrategy,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=1771,Collision,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10771,TheFansAndMeetingsDivOne,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/107/B,Basketball Team,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=7289,RandomSwaps,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10744,CandyBox,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=9915,RedIsGood,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10863,LotteryPyaterochka,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=3509,ChessKnight,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10735,DrawingLines,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/351/B,Jeff and Furik,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=11500,PerfectMemory,TopCoder
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2647,Masud Rana,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10996,QuickSort,TopCoder
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2727,Dragster,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=2234,ProbabilityTree,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/626/D,Jerry's Protest,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10335,KthProbableElement,TopCoder
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10188,CampaignTrail,TopCoder
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2652,Lights inside a 3d Grid,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=8590,RandomSort,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/77/B,Falling Anvils,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2769,Joining with Friend,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/235/B,Let's Play Osu!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/261/B,Maxim and Restaurant,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/30/C,Shooting Gallery,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=3756,Chess Game,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/16/E,Fish,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4415,Join two kingdoms,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/513/C,Second price auction,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/452/C,Magic Trick,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=3557,Map Generator,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/711/E,ZS and The Birthday Paradox,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/109/B,Lucky Probability,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/280/C,Game on Tree,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2059,Prisoners, Boxes and Pieces of Paper,UVA
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2425,ETS Problem setting,UVA
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=11309,AlternatingLane,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/167/B,Wizards and Huge Prize,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/498/B,Name That Tune,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2855,Table Tennis,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/268/E,Playlist,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/C,Mushroom Gnomes - 2,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2002,Playing War,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/641/D,Little Artem and Random Variable,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/54/C,First Digit Law,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/444/B,DZY Loves FFT,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2684,Garbage Remembering Exam,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/717/D,Dexterina’s Lab,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/204/C,Little Elephant and Furik and Rubik,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/398/B,Painting The Wall,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/601/C,Kleofáš and the n-thlon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/417/E,Square Table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/105/B,Dark Assembly,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/629/E,Famil Door and Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/605/E,Intergalaxy Trips,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2666,SPAM! (or not),UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/C,Petya and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/749/E,Inversions After Shuffle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/633/E,Startup Funding,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/50/D,Bombing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/345/A,Expecting Trouble,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/24/D,Broken robot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/364/D,Ghd,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2596,Fixing the Bugs,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/896/C,Willem, Chtholly and Seniorious,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/513/G2,Inversions problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/D,World of Darkraft - 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/596/D,Wilbur and Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/482/C,Game with Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/26/D,Tickets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/840/D,Destiny,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/150/C,Smart Cheater,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/101/D,Castle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/712/E,Memory and Casinos,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/229/E,Gifts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/494/C,Helping People,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/258/D,Little Elephant and Broken Sorting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/28/C,Bath Queue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/895/E,Eyes Closed,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/D,World of Darkraft,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/123/E,Maze,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/175/D,Plane of Tanks: Duel,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/248/E,Piglet's Birthday,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=3510,NestedRandomness,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/559/D,Randomizer,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/183/D,T-shirt,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/277/D,Google Code Jam,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/623/D,Birthday,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/662/A,Gambling Nim,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/68/D,Half-decay tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/113/D,Museum,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/293/D,Ksusha and Square,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/424/E,Colored Jenga,Codeforces
http://poj.org/problem?id=3701,Rubik's Cube: 0-1 Version,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/553/E,Kyoya and Train,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/335/E,Counting Skyscrapers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/457/D,Bingo!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/G,Combining Slimes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/98/B,Help King,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/107/E,Darts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/98/E,Help Shrek and Donkey,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/446/D,DZY Loves Games,Codeforces
