link,name,judge
http://acm.tju.edu.cn/toj/showp2857.html,Digit Sorting,TJU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/122/A,Lucky Division,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10814,Cryptography,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/276/C,Little Girl and Maximum Sum,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=12112,LittleElephantAndBooks,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/439/B,Devu, the Dumb Guy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/490/A,Team Olympiad,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=982,Vito's Family,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/814/A,An abandoned sentiment from past,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1199,Contest Scoreboard,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/34/B,Sale,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/339/A,Helpful Maths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/141/A,Amusing Joke,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/JULKA/,Julka,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/600/B,Queries about less or equal elements,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/721/B,Passwords,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/41/A,Translation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/515/C,Drazil and Factorial,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/285/C,Building Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/160/A,Twins,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/432/A,Choosing Teams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/492/B,Vanya and Lanterns,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/580/B,Kefa and Company,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/609/A,USB Flash Drives,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/BYTESE2/,The Great Ball,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/545/D,Queue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/43/A,Football,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/451/B,Sort the Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/682/B,Alyona and Mex,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1135,Football (aka Soccer),UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/572/A,Arrays,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/149/A,Business trip,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2493,Division of Nlogonia,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/785/B,Anton and Classes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/546/B,Soldier and Badges,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/456/A,Laptops,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/230/A,Dragons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/433/B,Kuriyama Mirai's Stones,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=553,DNA Sorting,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/37/A,Towers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/A,Appleman and Toastman,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/558/A,Lala Land and Apple Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/58/A,Chat room,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=10007,RoyalTreasurer,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/651/B,Beautiful Paintings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/507/A,Amr and Music,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/489/B,BerSU Ball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/B,Mahmoud and a Triangle,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DEFKIN/,Defense of a Kingdom,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/479/C,Exams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/560/A,Currency System in Geraldion,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=92,Ananagrams,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/459/B,Pashmak and Flowers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/551/A,GukiZ and Contest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/405/A,Gravity Flip,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/4/C,Registration System,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/471/B,MUH and Important Things,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/777/B,Game of Credit Cards,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/510/C,Fox And Names,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/624/B,Making a String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/220/A,Little Elephant and Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/A,Counting Kangaroos is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/263/B,Squares,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/352/B,Jeff and Periods,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/155/B,Combination,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/94/A,Restoring Password,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/A,Fox and Box Accumulation,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2490,Bubbles and Buckets,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/489/A,SwapSort,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/347/A,Difference Row,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/274/A,k-Multiple Free Set,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/B,New Year Permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/157/B,Trace,Codeforces
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2391,Counting heaps,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/559/B,Equivalent Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/362/B,Petya and Staircases,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/735/B,Urbanization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/A,Bear and Three Balls,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/246/A,Buggy Sorting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/160/B,Unlucky Ticket,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/492/C,Vanya and Exams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/63/A,Sinking Ship,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/840/A,Leha and Function,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/348/A,Mafia,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/557/B,Pasha and Tea,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/811/B,Vladik and Complicated Book,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/242/B,Big Segment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/437/C,The Child and Toy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/581/C,Developing Skills,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/C1LJUTNJ/,Ljutnja,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/479/B,Towers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/27/A,Next Test,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/659/B,Qualifying Contest,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4663,Handball,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/289/B,Polo the Penguin and Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/686/B,Little Robber Girl's Zoo,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ASCDFIB/,Ascending Fibonacci Numbers,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/810/B,Summer sell-off,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/166/A,Rank List,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/637/B,Chat Order,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/379/C,New Year Ratings Change,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/135/A,Replacement,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/B,z-sort,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/593/B,Anton and Lines,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/484/B,Maximum Value,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DOTAA2/,HELP NERUBAN,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/459/D,Pashmak and Parmida's problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/261/A,Maxim and Discounts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/234/B,Reading,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/4/D,Mysterious Present,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/579/B,Finding Team Member,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/137/C,History,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/166/C,Median,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/809/A,Do you want a date?,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SORT2D/,2D-SORT,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/437/B,The Child and Set,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/5/C,Longest Regular Bracket Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/12/B,Correct Solution?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/381/B,Sereja and Stairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/203/C,Photographer,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/313/C,Ilya and Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/415/B,Mashmokh and Tokens,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/501/C,Misha and Forest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/382/C,Arithmetic Progression,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/254/A,Cards with Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/525/C,Ilya and Sticks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/572/B,Order Book,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/350/C,Bombs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/16/B,Burglar and Matches,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/424/B,Megacity,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/257/A,Sockets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/291/A,Spyke Talks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/231/C,To Add or Not to Add,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/493/C,Vasya and Basketball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/479/D,Long Jumps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/86/D,Powerful array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/702/C,Cellular Network,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/599/C,Day at the Beach,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/425/A,Sereja and Swaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/384/B,Multitasking,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/830/A,Office Keys,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/567/D,One-Dimensional Battle Ships,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/552/D,Vanya and Triangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/299/A,Ksusha and Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/3/B,Lorry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/412/B,Network Configuration,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TROOPS/,Troops of Sand Monsters,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/439/D,Devu and his Brother,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/631/C,Report,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/675/C,Money Transfers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/375/B,Maximum Submatrix 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/34/C,Page Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/459/E,Pashmak and Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/555/B,Case of Fugitive,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/895/B,XK Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/91/B,Queue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/C,The Smallest String Concatenation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/186/B,Growing Mushrooms,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/12/C,Fruits,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/169/A,Chores,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/404/C,Restore Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/492/D,Vanya and Computer Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/160/C,Find Pair,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/106/B,Choosing Laptop,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/149/C,Division into Teams,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/378/B,Semifinals,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/437/D,The Child and Zoo,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/159/B,Matchmaker,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/334/B,Eight Point Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/527/D,Clique Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/28/B,pSort,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/13/C,Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/830/B,Cards Sorting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/777/E,Hanoi Factory,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/558/E,A Simple Task,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/353/B,Two Heaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/474/E,Pillars,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/D,Nested Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/430/A,Points and Segments (easy),Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/596/C,Wilbur and Points,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/571/B,Minimization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/141/C,Queue,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/15/A,Cottage Village,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/161/B,Discounts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/237/B,Young Table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/108/B,Datatypes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/524/C,The Art of Dealing with ATM,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/388/C,Fox and Card Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/222/D,Olympiad,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/432/C,Prime Swaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/377/B,Preparing for the Contest,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DIFFICUL/,DIFFICULT INTERVIEW,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/272/D,Dima and Two Sequences,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/99/B,Help Chef Gerasim,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/B,Colorful Field,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/612/D,The Union of k-Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/140/D,New Year Contest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/754/D,Fedor and coupons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/115/B,Lawnmower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/633/C,Spy Syndrome 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/597/B,Restaurant,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/589/B,Layer Cake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/853/B,Jury Meeting,Codeforces
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2654,Array Game,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/549/G,Happy Line,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/118/C,Fancy Number,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/767/D,Cartons of milk,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/433/C,Ryouko's Memory Note,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/598/C,Nearest vectors,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/576/C,Points on Plane,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/21/C,Stripe 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/540/E,Infinite Inversions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/331/A2,Oh Sweet Beaverette,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/103/D,Time to Raid Cowavans,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/166/B,Polygons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/496/E,Distributing Parts ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/22/D,Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/83/B,Doctor,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/222/C,Reducing Fractions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/176/A,Trading Business,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/417/D,Cunning Gena,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/713/C,Sonya and Problem Wihtout a Legend,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/333/D,Characteristics of Rectangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/798/D,Mike and distribution,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/F,A Heap of Heaps,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/158/E,Phone Talks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/848/B,Rooter's Song,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ADAPICK/,Ada and Cucumber,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/367/C,Sereja and the Arrangement of Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/172/C,Bus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/252/B,Unsorting Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/131/E,Yet Another Task with Queens,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/243/B,Hydra,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/53/D,Physical Education,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/81/C,Average Score,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/370/C,Mittens,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/659/F,Polycarp and Hay,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/38/E,Let's Go Rolling!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/154/C,Double Profiles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/558/D,Guess Your Way Out! II,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/246/E,Blood Cousins Return,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/82/C,General Mobilization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/159/E,Zebra Tower,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/56/E,Domino Principle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/175/C,Geometry Horse,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/119/B,Before Exam,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/D,Bear and Contribution,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/830/C,Bamboo Partition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/196/C,Paint Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/332/C,Students' Revenge,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/529/B,Group Photo 2 (online mirror version),Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/120/J,Minimum Sum,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/268/E,Playlist,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/76/A,Gift,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/C,Mushroom Gnomes - 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/45/D,Event Dates,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/644/C,Hostname Aliases,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/421/D,Bug in Code,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/190/E,Counter Attack,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/274/D,Lovely Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/216/D,Spider's Web,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/12/D,Ball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/33/D,Knights,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/160/D,Edges in MST,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/195/D,Analyzing Polyline,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/70/C,Lucky Tickets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/87/D,Beautiful Road,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/542/A,Place Your Ad Here,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/73/B,Need For Brake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/23/C,Oranges and Apples,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/253/E,Printer,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/C,Petya and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/596/D,Wilbur and Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/739/E,Gosha is hunting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/35/E,Parade,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/163/C,Conveyor,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/333/E,Summer Earnings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/E,Guard Towers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/314/D,Sereja and Straight Lines,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/101/D,Castle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/109/D,Lucky Sorting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/D,Kingdom and its Cities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/383/B,Volcanoes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/687/D,Dividing Kingdom II,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/178/F2,Representative Sampling,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/160/E,Buses and People,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/39/C,Moon Craters,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/379/E,New Year Tree Decorations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/798/E,Mike and code of a permutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/105/C,Item World,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/249/D,Donkey and Stars,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/198/E,Gripping Story,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/62/C,Inquisition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/306/B,Optimizer,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MULSORT/,MultiSort ,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/E,Bear and Paradox,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/47/E,Cannon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/166/D,Shoe Store,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/286/D,Tourists,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/460/E,Roland and Rose,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/15/D,Map,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/203/E,Transportation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/559/E,Gerald and Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/140/F,New Year Snowflake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/173/E,Camping Groups,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/528/E,Triangles 3000,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/434/E,Furukawa Nagisa's Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/833/E,Caramel Clouds,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/478/E,Wavy numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/130/I,Array sorting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/48/F,Snow sellers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/64/H,Table Bowling,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/778/E,Selling Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/G,Berserk Robot ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/64/I,Sort the Table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/350/D,Looking for Owls,Codeforces
