link,name,judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/96/A,Football,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1886,Mother bear,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/58/A,Chat room,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/798/A,Mike and palindrome,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/112/A,Petya and Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/281/A,Word Capitalization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/41/A,Translation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/A,Pangram,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/131/A,cAPS lOCK,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1410,To Carry or not to Carry,UVA
http://poj.org/problem?id=1000,A+B Problem,PKU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/A,Mahmoud and Longest Uncommon Subsequence,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1239,Power Strings,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/43/A,Football,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1819,Decode the tape,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/141/A,Amusing Joke,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=949,What's Cryptanalysis?,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/59/A,Word,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/BEADS/,Glass Beads,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/339/A,Helpful Maths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/448/B,Suffix Structures,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1268,Flip Sort,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/208/A,Dubstep,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/735/A,Ostap and Grasshopper,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/71/A,Way Too Long Words,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3710,One-Two-Three,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/499/B,Lecture,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1456,Powers Et Al.,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/4/A,Watermelon,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/219/A,k-String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/672/B,Different is Good,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/118/A,String Task,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/550/A,Two Substrings,Codeforces
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4207,Party Games,Live Archive
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1670,String Cutting,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/721/B,Passwords,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/501/B,Misha and Changing Handles,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=961,LetterStrings,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/745/A,Hongcow Learns the Cyclic Shift,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/155/B,Combination,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/A,Mr. Kitayuta's Gift,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=149,Message Decoding,UVA
p?ID=132,Anagram String,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/318/B,Strings of Power,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/165/C,Another Problem on Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/625/B,War of the Corporations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/490/C,Hacking Cypher,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/554/B,Ohana Cleans Up,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/259/A,Little Elephant and Chess,Codeforces
http://vn.spoj.com/problems/CHAIN2/,Chu&#7895;i t&#7915;,SPOJ Vietnam
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=438,Pattern Finder,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/598/B,Queries on a String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/94/A,Restoring Password,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/385/B,Bear and Strings,Codeforces
p?ID=184,Strings with Same Letters,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/798/B,Mike and strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/108/A,Palindromic Times,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/452/A,Eevee,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/616/A,Comparing Two Long Integers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/801/B,Valued Keys,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/518/A,Vitaly and Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/126/B,Password,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/186/A,Comparing Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/778/A,String Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/559/B,Equivalent Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/63/A,Sinking Ship,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=181,Uncompress,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2201,Find the Format String,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/518/B,Tanya and Postcard,Codeforces
http://vn.spoj.com/problems/SEC/,Tin m&#7853;t,SPOJ Vietnam
https://www.urionlinejudge.com.br/judge/en/problems/view/1287,Friendly Int Parser,URI
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/66/A,Petya and Java,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/A,No to Palindromes!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/665/C,Simple Strings,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1837,Known Plaintext Attack,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/99/A,Help Far Away Kingdom,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/C,Mahmoud and a Message,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/202/A,LLPS,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/612/A,The Text Splitting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/151/B,Phone Numbers,Codeforces
p?ID=366,Prime Palindrome,A2 Online Judge
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3911,Secret Word,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/245/B,Internet Address,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/520/C,DNA Alignment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/777/D,Cloud of Hashtags,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/312/A,Whose sentence is it?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/78/A,Haiku,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/514/C,Watto and Mechanism,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/43/B,Letter,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/182/D,Common Divisors,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/271/D,Good Substrings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/5/C,Longest Regular Bracket Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/110/B,Lucky String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/653/B,Bear and Compressing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/551/B,ZgukistringZ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/432/D,Prefixes and Suffixes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/8/A,Train and Peter,Codeforces
p?ID=13,Omar's Bug,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/358/B,Dima and Text Messages,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/535/D,Tavas and Malekas,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/291/B,Command Line Arguments,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1960,Matrix Matcher,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/34/C,Page Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/260/B,Ancient Prophesy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/159/C,String Manipulation 1.0,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/5/B,Center Alignment,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/DINGRP/,Dinner,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/471/D,MUH and Cube Walls,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/412/C,Pattern,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/143/B,Help Kingdom of Far Far Away 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/61/B,Hard Work,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/159/D,Palindrome pairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/245/H,Queries for Number of Palindromes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/50/B,Choosing Symbol Pairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/C,The Smallest String Concatenation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/144/C,Anagram Search,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/455/B,A Lot of Games,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/278/B,New Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/90/B,African Crossword,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/D,New Year and Ancient Prophecy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/633/C,Spy Syndrome 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/147/A,Punctuation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/75/B,Facetook Priority Wall,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/31/B,Sysadmin Bob,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/113/A,Grammar Lessons,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/509/E,Pretty Song,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/91/A,Newspaper Headline,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/121/B,Lucky Transformation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/629/C,Famil Door and Brackets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/494/B,Obsessive String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/682/D,Alyona and Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/615/C,Running Track,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/113/B,Petr#,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/123/A,Prime Permutation,Codeforces
http://community.topcoder.com/stat?c=problem_statement&pm=11526,GuessTheSubstring,TopCoder
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/558/E,A Simple Task,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/81/B,Sequence Formatting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/346/B,Lucky Common Subsequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/E,Correcting Mistakes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/118/C,Fancy Number,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/7/D,Palindrome Degree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/250/B,Restoring IPv6,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/128/B,String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/638/B,Making Genome in Berland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/580/E,Kefa and Watch,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/149/E,Martian Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/70/B,Text Messaging,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/467/D,Fedor and Essay,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/168/B,Wizards and Minimal Spell,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/526/D,Om Nom and Necklace,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/ALPHAR/,Alphabetic Relation,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/631/D,Messenger,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/B,Work Group,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/C,Beaver,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/UNICA/,Unique Strings,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/95/A,Hockey,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/476/E,Dreamoon and Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/427/D,Match & Catch,Codeforces
http://vn.spoj.com/problems/NPR/,V&#7847;n ho&#224;n h&#7843;o,SPOJ Vietnam
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/314/B,Sereja and Periods,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/25/E,Test,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/464/C,Substitutes in Number,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/39/J,Spelling Check,Codeforces
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3328,Do the Untwist,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/223/B,Two Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/754/C,Vladik and chat,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/316/G1,Good Substrings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/87/B,Vasya and Types,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/F,Encoding,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/235/C,Cyclical Quest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/16/D,Logging,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/557/E,Ann and Half-Palindrome,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/644/C,Hostname Aliases,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/291/E,Tree-String Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/245/F,Log Stream Analysis,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/607/C,Marbles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/645/E,Intellectual Inquiry,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/895/D,String Mark,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/30/E,Tricky and Clever Password,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/180/D,Name,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/A,Matching Names,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/130/B,Gnikool Ssalg,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/58/D,Calendar,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/444/D,DZY Loves Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/213/E,Two Permutations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/452/E,Three strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/547/E,Mike and Friends,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/17/E,Palisection,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/610/E,Alphabet Permutations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/163/E,e-Government,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/477/D,Dreamoon and Binary,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/196/D,The Next Good String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/356/E,Xenia and String Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/E,Cool Slogans,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/119/D,String Transformation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/319/D,Have You Ever Heard About the Word?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/100/D,World of Mouth,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/524/F,And Yet Another Bracket Sequence,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/38/F,Smart Boy,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/178/F2,Representative Sampling,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/616/F,Expensive Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/590/E,Birthday,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/72/E,Ali goes shopping,Codeforces
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=1104,Pattern Matching,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/594/E,Cutting the Line,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/786/D,Rap God,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/177/G1,Fibonacci Strings,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/tag/,#dynamic-programming&nbsp;(168)</span>,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/E,Puzzle Lover,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/585/F,Digits of Number Pi,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=4645,Wire Crossing,UVA
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/177/G2,Fibonacci Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/744/E,Hongcow Masters the Cyclic Shift,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/76/C,Mutation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/345/G,Suffix Subgroup,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/587/F,Duff is Mad,Codeforces
