link,name,judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/431/C,k-Tree,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CHOCOLA/,Chocolate,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/339/D,Xenia and Bit Operations,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/PT07Z/,Longest path in a tree,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/580/C,Kefa and Park,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/115/A,Party,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/NICEBTRE/,Nice Binary Trees,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/459/A,Pashmak and Garden,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/522/A,Reposts,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3769,Binary Search Tree,UVA
https://icpcarchive.ecs.baylor.edu/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=2377,Fibonacci System,Live Archive
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/763/A,Timofey and a tree,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/TREEORD/,Tree _order,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/839/C,Journey,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/429/A,Xor-tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/B,Bear and Forgotten Tree 3,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/219/D,Choosing Capital for Treeland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/161/D,Distance in Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/682/C,Alyona and the Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/706/D,Vasiliy's Multiset,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/482/B,Interesting Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/821/C,Okabe and Boxes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/734/C,Anton and Making Potions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/369/C,Valera and Elections,Codeforces
https://uva.onlinejudge.org/index.php?option=onlinejudge&page=show_problem&problem=3390,Ants Colony,UVA
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SDITSAVL/,AVL Tree,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/501/C,Misha and Forest,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/383/C,Propagating tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/461/B,Appleman and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/739/B,Alyona and a tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/61/E,Enemy is weak,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/767/C,Garland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/842/C,Ilya And The Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/700/B,Connecting Universities,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/GANNHAT/,Closest distance,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/61/D,Eternal Victory,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/321/C,Ciel the Commander,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/D,New Year Santa Network,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/342/E,Xenia and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/25/D,Roads not only in Berland,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/455/B,A Lot of Games,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/MSTS/,Count Minimum Spanning Trees,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/600/E,Lomsat gelral,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/371/D,Vessels,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/274/B,Zero Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/472/D,Design Tutorial: Inverse the Problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/519/E,A and B and Lecture Rooms,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/675/D,Tree Construction,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/455/C,Civilization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/570/D,Tree Requests,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/191/C,Fools and Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/337/D,Book of Evil,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/743/D,Chloe and pleasant prizes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/587/C,Duff in the Army,Codeforces
http://www.codechef.com/problems/COT5,Count on a Treap,CodeChef
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/14/D,Two Paths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/592/D,Super M,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/193/A,Cutting Figure,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/685/B,Kay and Snowflake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/375/D,Tree and Queries,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/208/E,Blood Cousins,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/609/E,Minimum spanning tree for each edge,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/282/E,Sausage Maximization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/120/F,Spiders,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/452/B,4-point polyline,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/814/D,An overnight dance in discotheque,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/436/C,Dungeons and Candies,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1076/E,Vasya and a Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/109/C,Lucky Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/832/D,Misha, Grisha and Underground,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/615/C,Running Track,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/343/D,Water Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/486/D,Valid Sets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/113/B,Petr#,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/6/E,Exposition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/474/E,Pillars,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/D,Hamiltonian Spanning Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/348/B,Apple Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/766/E,Mahmoud and a xor trip,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/538/E,Demiurges Play Again,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/280/C,Game on Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/576/B,Invariance of Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/396/C,On Changing Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/622/E,Ants in Leaves,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/463/E,Caisa and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/540/E,Infinite Inversions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/466/E,Information Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/379/F,New Year Tree,Codeforces
p?ID=214,Avoiding a disaster,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/543/D,Road Improvement,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/290/C,WTF?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/681/D,Gifts by the List,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/B,Work Group,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/29/D,Ant on the Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/815/C,Karen and Supermarket,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/746/G,New Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/557/E,Ann and Half-Palindrome,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/374/D,Inna and Sequence ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/196/C,Paint Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/77/C,Beavermuncher-0xFF,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/337/E,Divisor Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/341/D,Iahub and Xors,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/E,Pursuit For Artifacts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/490/F,Treeland Tour,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/258/E,Little Elephant and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/573/C,Bear and Drawing,Codeforces
p?ID=262,Tree,A2 Online Judge
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/75/D,Big Maximum Sum,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/406/D,Hill Climbing,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/231/E,Cactus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/165/D,Beard Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/593/D,Happy Tree Party,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/260/D,Black and White Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/638/C,Road Improvement,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/575/B,Bribes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/238/C,World Eater Brothers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/778/C,Peterson Polyglot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/382/D,Ksenia and Pawns,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/894/D,Ralph And His Tour in Binary Country,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/555/E,Case of Computer Network,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/246/E,Blood Cousins Return,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/629/E,Famil Door and Roads,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/601/D,Acyclic Organic Compounds,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/429/C,Guess the Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/276/E,Little Girl and Problem on Trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/76/A,Gift,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/37/C,Old Berland Language,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/442/D,Adam and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/87/D,Beautiful Road,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/487/E,Tourists,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/191/E,Thwarting Demonstrations,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/294/E,Shaass the Great,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/632/F,Magic Matrix,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/444/E,DZY Loves Planting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/163/E,e-Government,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/A,Matching Names,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/317/C,Balance,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/633/F,The Chocolate Spree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/288/D,Polo the Penguin and Trees ,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/22/E,Scheme,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/627/D,Preorder Test,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/494/D,Birthday,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/101/D,Castle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/212/E,IT Restaurants,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/741/D,Arpa’s letter-marked tree and Mehrdad’s Dokhtar-kosh paths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/D,Kingdom and its Cities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/85/C,Petya and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/516/D,Drazil and Morning Exercise,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/176/E,Archaeology,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/86/C,Genetic engineering,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/581/F,Zublicanes and Mumocrates,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/293/E,Close Vertices,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/D,Choosing Subtree is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/809/E,Surprise me!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/603/E,Pastoral Oddities,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/650/E,Clockwork Bomb,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/226/E,Noble Knight's Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/860/E,Arkady and a Nobody-men,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/348/E,Pilgrims,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/51/F,Caterpillar,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/81/E,Pairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/482/D,Random Function and Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/512/D,Fox And Travelling,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/830/D,Singer House,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/418/D,Big Problems for Organizers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/150/E,Freezing with Style,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/70/E,Information Reform,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/217/E,Alien DNA,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/440/D,Berland Federalization,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/763/D,Timofey and a flat tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/152/E,Garden,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/123/E,Maze,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/536/E,Tavas on the Path,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/833/D,Red-Black Cobweb,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/48/G,Galaxy Union,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/251/E,Tree and Table,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/571/D,Campus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/891/D,Sloth,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/117/E,Tree or not Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/504/E,Misha and LCP on Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/786/D,Rap God,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/97/E,Leaders,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/526/G,Spiders Evil Plan,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/98/B,Help King,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/434/E,Furukawa Nagisa's Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/786/E,ALT,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/578/F,Mirror Box,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/830/E,Perpetual Motion Machine,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/C,Logistical Questions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/A,Berland Miners,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1055/F,Tree and XOR,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/842/E,Nikita and game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/482/E,ELCA,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/627/F,Island Puzzle,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/871/E,Restore the Tree,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/566/E,Restoring Map,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/331/D3,Escaping on Beaveractor,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/500/G,New Year Running,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/704/E,Iron Man,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/457/F,An easy problem about trees,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/840/E,In a Trap,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/639/F,Bear and Chemistry,Codeforces
