link,name,judge
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CRAN02/,Roommate Agreement,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/279/B,Books,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/489/B,BerSU Ball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/600/B,Queries about less or equal elements,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/580/B,Kefa and Company,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/381/A,Sereja and Dima,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/466/C,Number of Ways,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/716/B,Complete the Word,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/165/C,Another Problem on Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/842/A,Kirill And The Game,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/CRAN04/,Audition,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/A,Counting Kangaroos is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/892/B,Wrath,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/577/B,Modulo Sum,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/6/C,Alice, Bob and Chocolate,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/676/C,Vasya and String,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/387/B,George and Round,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/446/A,DZY Loves Sequences,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/427/C,Checkposts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/602/B,Approximating a Constant Range,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/264/A,Escape from Stones,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/251/A,Points on Line,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/318/B,Strings of Power,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/484/B,Maximum Value,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/253/B,Physics Practical,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/237/C,Primes on Interval,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/302/B,Eugeny and Play List,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/505/C,Mr. Kitayuta, the Treasure Hunter,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/231/C,To Add or Not to Add,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/749/C,Voting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/416/A,Guess a number!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/279/C,Ladder,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/86/D,Powerful array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/814/C,An impassioned circulation of affection,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/224/B,Array,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/161/A,Dress'em in Vests!,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/660/C,Hard Process,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/777/C,Alyona and Spreadsheet,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/493/C,Vasya and Basketball,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/519/D,A and B and Interesting Substrings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/18/C,Stripe,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/895/B,XK Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/255/C,Almost Arithmetical Progression,Codeforces
http://acm.sgu.ru/problem.php?contest=0&problem=359,Pointers,SGU
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/432/D,Prefixes and Suffixes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/384/B,Multitasking,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/439/D,Devu and his Brother,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/650/B,Image Preview,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/359/D,Pair of Numbers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/616/D,Longest k-Good Segment,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/644/B,Processing Queries,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/229/A,Shifts,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/60/A,Where Are My Flakes?,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/430/B,Balls Game,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/343/C,Read Time,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/533/E,Correcting Mistakes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/487/B,Strip,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/833/B,The Bakery,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/222/D,Olympiad,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/514/D,R2D2 and Droid Army,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/652/C,Foe Pairs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/613/B,Skills,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/280/B,Maximum Xor Secondary,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/853/B,Jury Meeting,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/6/E,Exposition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/767/D,Cartons of milk,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/281/B,Nearest Fraction,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/14/D,Two Paths,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/645/C,Enduring Exodus,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/229/D,Towers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/46/C,Hamsters and Tigers,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/190/D,Non-Secret Cypher,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/848/B,Rooter's Song,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/79/C,Beaver,Codeforces
http://www.spoj.com/problems/SEGTREE/,Segment Tree,SPOJ
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/609/D,Gadgets for dollars and pounds,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/524/D,Social Network,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/830/C,Bamboo Partition,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/371/E,Subway Innovation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/620/D,Professor GukiZ and Two Arrays,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/220/E,Little Elephant and Inversions,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/610/D,Vika and Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/594/C,Edo and Magnets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/250/D,Building Bridge,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/253/D,Table with Letters - 2,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/420/C,Bug in Code,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/180/E,Cubes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/91/C,Ski Base,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/433/D,Nanami's Digital Board,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/391/A,Genetic Engineering,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/366/D,Dima and Trap Graph,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/498/B,Name That Tune,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/216/D,Spider's Web,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/70/C,Lucky Tickets,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/414/D,Mashmokh and Water Tanks,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/131/F,Present to Mom,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/309/A,Morning run,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/682/E,Alyona and Triangles,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/386/C,Diverse Substrings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/444/D,DZY Loves Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/372/D,Choosing Subtree is Fun,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/633/E,Startup Funding,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/516/D,Drazil and Morning Exercise,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/55/E,Very simple problem,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/250/E,Mad Joe,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/204/E,Little Elephant and Strings,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/314/D,Sereja and Straight Lines,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/164/B,Ancient Berland Hieroglyphs,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/581/F,Zublicanes and Mumocrates,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/618/F,Double Knapsack,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/383/B,Volcanoes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/293/D,Ksusha and Square,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/43/E,Race,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/166/D,Shoe Store,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/76/B,Mice,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/78/D,Archer's Shot,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/261/E,Maxim and Calculator,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/309/B,Context Advertising,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/203/E,Transportation,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/121/D,Lucky Segments,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/264/D,Colorful Stones,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/592/E,BCPC,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/611/G,New Year and Cake,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/48/G,Galaxy Union,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/627/E,Orchestra,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/138/E,Hellish Constraints,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/243/D,Cubes,Codeforces
http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/364/E,Empty Rectangles,Codeforces
